14/07/2023, 20:56 Job Application for Head of Procurement at OpenAI
https://boards.greenhouse.io/openai/jobs/4892773004 1/4
Head of Procurement
at OpenAI (View all jobs)
San Francisco, California, United States
About the Team
OpenAI’s mission is to build safe artiﬁcial general intelligence (AGI) which beneﬁts all of humanity. This
long-term undertaking brings the world’s best scientists, engineers, and business professionals
together under one organization to accomplish this. 
We're building the most advanced AI models and platforms, making it easy for developers and
customers to beneﬁt from AI via the OpenAI API and ChatGPT. Our API also provides developers
access to Codex – a model that translates natural language into code – and we partnered with GitHub
to create an AI pair programmer, Copilot. We're working to bring other research eﬀorts into the API
such as DALL-E 2 (our text to image generator) and CLIP (our state-of-the-art image classiﬁer).
OpenAI Finance is responsible for ensuring the organization is set up for success in pursuit of its
mission. The Head of Procurement is a ﬁnancial linchpin for the organization; this role works with the
entire organization to streamline vendor negotiations, drive cost savings, and secure critical inputs to
our research and commercial progress.
About the Role
We’re looking for a Head of Procurement that will lead all aspects of OpenAI’s vendor strategy,
inclusive of managing the full vendor lifecycle. You will deliver maximum value to the organization
through streamlined vendor negotiations, realized cost savings, and improved supplier performance.
This role requires deep expertise in SaaS and technology and a proven ability to balance concurrent
priorities across multiple departments.
This strategic, yet hands-on role will report to the VP Finance and work closely with OpenAI legal and
senior department leads across the organization. You will be a key player in driving the ﬁnancial
success of the organization by building–and sustaining–a world-class procurement function.
This role is based in San Francisco, CA. We use a hybrid work model of 3 days in the oﬃce per week
and oﬀer relocation assistance to new employees.
In this role, you will:
Establish OpenAI’s strategic sourcing strategy and create a framework for vendor engagement,
evaluation, and long-term partnership
Establish partnerships with key business partners aimed at identifying, understanding and
fulﬁlling their procurement requirements in an unprecedented, dynamic organization
Lead contract negotiation, develop standard negotiation approaches and fallback positions, and
identify critical benchmarks to measure engagement success
Build a culture around long-term savings on procurement; identify and realize cost-saving and
cost-reduction opportunities without compromising supply assurance or quality
Partner with broader OpenAI Finance to analyze ﬁnancial performance and improve forecasting,
planning, and measurement of all sourcing eﬀorts
Provide recurring insight to OpenAI leadership that covers vendor performance, strategies,
programs, practices, and key issues
Manage, coach, and develop a high performing procurement team
We’re looking for a blend of:
Bachelor's degree with 15+ years of progressive experience in senior procurement leadership
roles with a proven ability to scale supply chain operations in high-growth, innovative, and
complex organizations
Knowledge of modern procurement practices–particularly in SaaS–and ability to deﬁne and
implement infrastructure requirements that enable world-class procurement operations
Strong command of vendor performance management, contract administration, and supplier or
third party management software
Exemplary interpersonal skills as demonstrated by the ability to negotiate and deliver on
complex contracts spanning multiple supplier industries
Experience working with modern software and systems, particularly Airbase and Vena
Deep understanding of artiﬁcial intelligence development and the key inputs to its success
You might thrive in this role if:
You’re an enthusiastic self-starter. You thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment, and
expect to lead multiple aspects of vendor relations. You take ownership of your work and
believe that a job not done well is a job not done.
You’re excited about new challenges. The process of solving complex problems invigorates
you. Novel issues requiring multidimensional knowledge excite you.
You’re a phenomenal teamma te. You’re a strong communicator who can translate the needs
of your business partners into tangible agreements with external vendors. You intuitivelyApply Now
Privacy - Terms14/07/2023, 20:56 Job Application for Head of Procurement at OpenAI
https://boards.greenhouse.io/openai/jobs/4892773004 2/4Apply for this Job* Requiredunderstand the importance of keeping everyone in the loop, and you take proactive measures to
do so. You’re intellectually honest.
You’re a world-class leader. You mentor those around you, help set agendas, and unblock
company-wide issues. You identify opportunities for cross-functional improvements and
emphatically step in to contribute to them. Your commitment to quality is unwavering and you
coach the work of those around you to join you at this elevated level.
You’re a builder. You not only embrace the opportunity to have a direct impact on how a
company operates, you revel in it. An organization relies on the quality of its foundation and your
passion is building strong systems and processes from the ground up.
You’re passionate about technology and artiﬁcial intelligence.
About OpenAI
OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose
artiﬁcial intelligence beneﬁts all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems
and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that
must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must
encompass and value the many diﬀerent perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full
spectrum of humanity. 
At OpenAI, we believe artiﬁcial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global
challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of
technology.
Compensation, Beneﬁts and Perks
The annual salary range for this role is $230,000 – $285,000.  Total compensation also includes
generous equity and beneﬁts.
Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family
Mental health and wellness support
401(k) plan with 4% matching
Unlimited time oﬀ and 18+ company holidays per year
Paid parental leave (20 weeks) and family-planning support
Annual learning & development stipend ($1,500 per year)
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national
origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualiﬁed applicants with arrest
and conviction records. 
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and
requests can be made via this link.
OpenAI US Applicant Privacy Policy
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone
Resume/CV *Attach
Dropbox
Google Drive
or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)14/07/2023, 20:56 Job Application for Head of Procurement at OpenAI
https://boards.greenhouse.io/openai/jobs/4892773004 3/4Are you able to work from our San Francisco HQ 3 days per week?   *
When can you start a new role?   *
Are you authorized to work lawfully in the US?   *
We provide immigration and sponsorship support to new employees based on their unique
circumstances.
Where can we learn more about you?
Such as a LinkedIn proﬁle, personal website, portfolio page.
Additional Information
Please share anything else you want us to know, such as your motivation to apply or additional
context for your application.
How did you hear about OpenAI?
Please provide an example or evidence of your exceptional ability.   *
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Information
At OpenAI, we strive to build an inclusive employee community where diverse perspectives
can thrive. In compliance with reporting requirements (and to understand the diversity of our
candidate pool), we invite you to respond to a few demographic questions below. Providing
this information is voluntary and conﬁdential. Responses are not connected to individual
applications and do not impact OpenAI's hiring process.
We acknowledge that the list for gender identity does not represent all possible forms of
identity, and we ask this question to understand how applicants identify and not how they
are perceived. Nonbinary is inclusive of bigender, agender, androgynous, genderﬂuid, gender
non-conforming, and Two-Spirit.
I identify my ethnicity as (please select the description below that best corresponds to the
race or ethnic group(s) with which you identify):
  Alaskan Native / American Indian / Indigenous American / Native American
  Black/of African descent
  East Asian (inclusive of Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Mongolian, Tibetan, and Taiwanese)
  Latinx
  Middle Eastern
  Paciﬁc Islander
  South Asian (inclusive of Bangladeshi, Bhutanese, Indian, Nepali, Pakistani, and Sri Lankan)
  Southeast Asian (inclusive of Burmese, Cambodian, Filipino, Hmong, Indonesian, Laotian,
Malaysian, Mien, Singaporean, Thai, and Vietnamese)
  White / Caucasian
  I decline to self-identify
  My ethnic identity isn't listed--
Please select
Select one or more14/07/2023, 20:56 Job Application for Head of Procurement at OpenAI
https://boards.greenhouse.io/openai/jobs/4892773004 4/4I identify my gender as:
  a woman
  a man
  nonbinary
  I decline to self-identify
  My gender identity isn't listed
Veteran Status (Select one)
  I am a veteran
  I am not a veteran
  I decline to self-identify
Submit Application Submit Application
Powered by  
Read our Privacy Policy