14/07/2023, 20:54 Jr. Entrepreneur in Residence (f/m/d) | Jobs at DeepOpinion
https://deepopinion.jobs.personio.com/job/980367?display=en 1/2
 See all positions
Jr. Entrepreneur in Residence (f/m/d)
Permanent employee, Full-time · Remote
YOUR MISSION
We are seeking a highly motivated Junior Entrepreneur in Residence to join our fast-paced AI tech
startup. The ideal candidate will have previous internship experience and be eager to learn from our
team of serial entrepreneurs and Forbes 30 under 30.
We look for more than just a good candidate. W e want to create a new category of automation,
ultimately shaping the new era of work and freeing peoples’  lives from boring, repetitive work. The
ideal candidate should not only bring an outstanding CV but be passionate about shaping the future
of work together with us.
Work closely with our team of serial entrepreneurs and leadership team to develop and execute
on strategic initiatives
Manage and lead projects from start to finish
Wear many hats and be versatile in working on dif ferent tasks and projects at the same time.
Prioritize accordingly and execute with focus
Build and implement processes to improve ef ficiency and scalability
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive results
Learn from and contribute to the entrepreneurial culture of the company
Areas to learn in include HR, Finance, Operations, Compliance and Go-to-market
YOUR PROFILE
First internship experience in a startup environment or consultancy
14/07/2023, 20:54 Jr. Entrepreneur in Residence (f/m/d) | Jobs at DeepOpinion
https://deepopinion.jobs.personio.com/job/980367?display=en 2/2Bachelors or Masters degree from a top-tier university or similar
Strong project management skills and entrepreneurial mindset/drive
Versatility and ability to wear many hats, think like a founder
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work well with others
Experience with process creation and implementation
Passion for AI and automation technology
Fluent in English and German
If you are a highly motivated individual with a passion for entrepreneurship and technology , we
encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity . Join our team and help shape the future of
automation.
ABOUT  US
About DeepOpinion
DeepOpinion is a well-financed and rapidly growing SaaS technology startup located in Innsbruck and
Munich. DeepOpinion is surfing the next wave of automation solutions that will enable companies to
automate repetitive cognitive processes using AI/machine learning. Our mission is to free people from
repetitive cognitive tasks so that their work is meaningful again, ultimately shaping the future of work.
Apply for this position
 Powered by Personio   |  personio.com
Browse this site in EN 
Data privacy statement   |  Legal Notice